hey guys is Carly so i'll be showing you
guys a call from target in style cooed
and i didn't get a lot of things i just
got like a couple of stuff so without
further ado let's just get home the
first food style to it I just got to
bandos core 01 and a lace one and they
were both 399 and I've been wanting like
a coral one and this is showing up like
orange and um the Lighting's not that
good in here but um I'm you guys comment
down below if you guys like this new
filming spots actually in my pantry cuz
I have a really big pantry it's kind of
weird but it has like a blank wall
behind me so it's kind of cool so the
aniline is not that good but maybe I
don't know but yet so this is just a
coral one and yeah and then I got a
white lace 1 i've actually been wanting
yeah in the back like the front is like
it has like a white background in the
back is just like clear lace the acid
I've been wanting just some abandoned
from target I just got some shampoo
conditioner and some makeup items from
ELF needing more shampoo and conditioner
shampoo have actually tried this out in
the friends house and I actually really
like it it's the guard me I got here I
do not know how to pronounce fortifying
shampoo and it's like sleek and shine or
whatever um whatever I just got that and
I just been needing a new shampoo I'll
see three minute miracle and it's just
like the deep conditioner and I ran out
of this like a really long time ago but
I like really really love it so just the
aussie three minute miracle and this is
like amazing stuff and also that really
detangles my hair nicely too so that's a
plus
I just went to target when I got food
and she keeps coming in to put the food
in the pantry the elf stuff I was up
three elf like a cup stuff I was looking
for a new blush because like i realized
that i have actually needed a new blush
and I was also looking for a new bronzer
and I heard good stuff about this and
Batson about this that I actually just
wanted to try it out um it is the
contouring blush and bronzing powder and
it has an ear included and I've heard
that like people wanted to get this for
a Duke for the NARS orgasm and laguna a
duo but I don't really want to get it
for that I just wanted to get it just
because I feel like these will be good
and I just been wanting a new bronzer a
new blush stuff might as well get this
and this was three dollars so and then I
was also looking for new makeup remover
wipes because like i had i use face
makeup remover wipes and i use eye
makeup remover wipes so I was looking
for face ones because I ran into face
and I heard a good stuff about them so
it's just the elf makeup remover
cleansing cloths and it comes with 20
and yeah so yeah i mean like i usually
get a different brand every time
sometimes look at neutrogena sometimes
I'll get I don't like I'll get to
prepare so then the last thing that i
got in this hole is just the elf
under-eye concealer and highlighter and
i was looking for a new concealer and i
thought that this would be good I just
wanted to try it out try out with those
three dollars and it came with a
highlighter and my concealer shade isn't
light and the highlighter shade isn't
glow and I don't really know how the
highlighter is gonna be it's like a
white highlighter i'm guessing bootleg
right there or maybe on your problems
are in our corners or whatever but i'm
going to try this out and see how it
works and yeah this was three dollars to
and this was three dollars off from elf
was three dollars yam poo was 299 i
can't really do that with my hand but
this was 299 guys enjoyed this hall this
is 901 video because my hundred city is
gonna be makeup collection i'm really
excited we film that after this 100th
video and that was like
do before my hunters video my 99th video
um I asked you guys what you guys wanted
to be and everybody that commented down
below said makeup collection so yeah
that'll be the video before this so I'll
link it down below and I hope you guys
enjoyed this hall comment down below if
you guys like this new setup it's kind
of weird because it's my pantry but yeah
so you guys all right now see you guys
next time bye